These scripts are taken from the QMOF repo (https://github.com/Andrew-S-Rosen/QMOF) and slightly modified (to change directory paths) for use here. From the relaxed MOF structures included in QMOF database, they generate features for use in machine learning models. The scripts include:

- cifs_to_xyz.py, which generates a .xyz file and refcodes.csv from the QMOF relaxed_structures .cif files. It is necessary to run this before the following scripts that generate features.
- stoich45_feature_generator.py, which generates statistical elemental properties and stores them in stoich45_fingerprints.csv.
- stoich120_feature_generator.py, which generates elemental fractions and statistical elemental properties and stores them in stoich120_fingerprints.csv.
- sine_matrix_feature_generator.py, which generates the eigenvalues of the sine Coulomb matrix and stores them in sine_matrix_fingerprints.csv. For each MOF, the eigenvalues are listed roughly in order of descending magnitude. __Note:__ the size of the sine Coulomb matrix (and therefore the number of eigenvalues) is equal to the number of atoms in the MOF unit cell. sine_matrix_fingerprints.csv contains 500 columns for eigenvalues, reflecting the maximum unit cell size of 500 atoms in the QMOF database. For smaller MOF unit cells, the unused columns are filled with 0.0's.
- ofm_feature_generator.py, which generates the orbital field matricies and stores them in ofm_fingerprints.csv.

All new files generated by the scripts above are stored in data/QMOF/qmof_database/qmof_database/.

__Warning:__ the rows in the *fingerprints.csv files are in a different order than in qmof.csv. Match data by qmof_id, not row index.

#### Requirements
- Before running these scripts, be sure to:
    1. run scripts/download_qmof_data.py to download the QMOF database. Note: if you see data/QMOF/qmof_database/qmof_database/qmof.csv, this was already done.
    2. unzip data/QMOF/qmof_database/qmof_database/relaxed_structures.zip. Confirm that the .cif files contained therein were placed in data/QMOF/qmof_database/qmof_database/relaxed_structures/.
- python packages required: ase, matminer 
